There were six people who loved to watch television, but they didn't like what they saw. Armed with determination and a strong will to change the course of television, they wrote their own shows, but that wasn't enough, they had to sell them. They went straight to the networks, but the networks were not ready for them. But did that stop them? No. They built their own network and they liked what they saw.
What ever happened to predictability? The milkman, the paperboy, evening TV. Everywhere you look, everywhere you go, there's a heart, a hand to hold onto. Everywhere you look, everywhere you go. There's a face of somebody who needs you.
Everywhere you look, when you're lost out there and you're all alone, a light is waiting to carry you home, Everywhere you look. Everywhere you look.
Spiderman, Spiderman, does whatever a spider can. Spins a web, any size, catches thieves just like flies, look out! Here comes the Spiderman. Is he strong? Listen bud, he's got radioactive blood. Can he swing from a thread? Take a look overhead. Hey there, there goes the Spiderman. In the chill of night at the scene of a crime, like a streak of light he arrives just in time! Spiderman, Spiderman, friendly neighborhood Spiderman. Wealth and fame, He's ignored. Action is his reward. To him, life is a great big bang up. Whenever there's a hang up, you'll find the Spiderman!
Hey Tony! I like the things you do! Hey Tony! If I could I would be you! You're my one and only tiger, with my one and only taste! You know how to take a breakfast and make it mmm great! Frosted Flakes! They're more than good, they're great!
They're creepy and they're kooky, mysterious and spooky. They're all together ooky, the Addams Family. Their house is a museum where people come to see 'em. They really are a scream, the Addams Family. Neat. Sweet. Petite. So get a witches shawl on, a broomstick you can crawl on. We're gonna pay a call on the Addams Family.
Green Acres is the place to be. Farm livin' is the life for me. Land spreadin' out so far and wide. Keep Manhattan, just give me that countryside. New York is where I'd rather stay. I get allergic smelling hay. I just adore a penthouse view. Darling I love you but give me Park Avenue. The chores! The stores! Fresh air! Times Square! You are my wife. Good bye, city life. Green Acres we are there!
Once in every lifetime, comes a love like this. Oh I need you, you need me, oh my darling can't you see. Young Ones. Darling we're the Young Ones. Young Ones. Shouldn't be afraid. To live, love, there's a song to be sung. Cause we may not be the Young Ones very long.
Hot dogs, Armour hot dogs. What kind of kids eat Armour hot dogs? Fat kids, skinny kids, kids who climb on rocks. Tough kids, sissy kids, even kids with chicken pox love hot dogs, Armour hot dogs... The dogs kids love to bite!
There are those who believe that life here began out there... far across the universe, with tribes of humans who may have been the forefathers of the Egyptians or the Toltecs or the Mayans. Some believe that there may yet be brothers of man who even now fight to survive somewhere beyond the heavens. Fleeing from the Cylon Tyranny, the last Battlestar - Galactica - leads a rag-tag fugitive fleet on a lonely quest. A shining planet, known as Earth.
Wanted to get myself a new cell phone so I could hear myself as a ringtone. Who knew the store would go and check my credit score? Now all they let me have is this dinosaur! Hello hello hello, can anybody hear me? I know I know I know, I should have gone to Free Credit Report dot com! That's where I should have gone, could have got my knowledge on.