My name is Rhoda Morgenstern. I was born in the Bronx, New York in December of 1941. I've always felt responsible for World War II. The first thing I remember liking that liked me back was food. I had a bad puberty; it lasted seventeen years. I'm a high school graduate. I went to art school. My entrance exam was on a book of matches. I decided to move out of the house when I was twenty-four. My mother still refers to this as the time I ran away from home. Eventually, I ran to Minneapolis, where it's cold and I figured I'd keep better. Now I'm back in Manhattan. New York, this is your last chance!
I bet we been together for a million years, And I bet we'll be together for a million more. Oh, It's like I started breathing on the night we kissed, and I can't remember what I ever did before. What would we do baby, without us? What would we do baby, without us? And there ain't no nothing we can't love each other through. What would we do baby, without us? Sha la la la.
Extraordinary crimes against the people and the state had to be avenged by agents extraordinary. Two such people are John Steed, top professional; and his partner, Emma Peel, talented amateur... otherwise known as The Avengers.
This is the theme to Garry's show, The theme to Garry's show. Garry called me up and asked if I would right his theme song. I'm almost halfway finished, how do you like it so far, How do you like the theme to Garry's show? This is the theme to Garry's show, the opening theme to Garry's show. This is the music that you hear as you watch the credits. We're almost to the part of where I start to whistle. Then we'll watch "It's Garry Shandling's Show". This was the theme to Garry Shandling's show.
What walks down stairs, alone or in pairs, and makes a slinkity sound? A spring, a spring, a marvelous thing, everyone knows it's Slinky. It's Slinky, it's Slinky, for fun it's a wonderful toy. It's Slinky, it's Slinky, it's fun for a girl or a boy. It's fun for a girl or boy!
He was once a little green slab of clay. Gumby! You should see what Gumby can do today. Gumby! He can walk into any book, with his pony pal Pokey, too. If you've got a heart then Gumby's a part of you.
There were six people who loved to watch television, but they didn't like what they saw. Armed with determination and a strong will to change the course of television, they wrote their own shows, but that wasn't enough, they had to sell them. They went straight to the networks, but the networks were not ready for them. But did that stop them? No. They built their own network and they liked what they saw.
Enter at your peril, past the vaulted door. Impossible things will happen that the world's never seen before. In Dexter's laboratory lives the smartest boy you've ever seen, but Dee Dee blows his experiments to Smithereens! There's gloom and doom when things go boom in Dexter's lab!
The year is 1987 and NASA launches the last of America's deep space probes. In a freak mishap, Ranger 3 and its pilot Captain William 'Buck' Rogers are blown out of their trajectory into an orbit which freezes his life support system and returns Buck Rogers to Earth five hundred years later.
Sunny day, sweepin' the clouds away. On my way to where the air is sweet. Can you tell me how to get, how to get to Sesame Street? Come and play, everything's A-OK. Friendly neighbors there, that's where we meet. Can you tell me how to get, how to get to Sesame Street?