Who can turn the world on with her smile? Who can take a nothing day, and suddenly make it all seem worthwhile? Well it's you girl, and you should know it. With each glance and every little movement you show it. Love is all around, no need to waste it. You can have a town, why don't you take it. You're gonna make it after all. You're gonna make it after all.
People let me tell you 'bout my best friend, he's a warm-hearted person who'll love me till the end. People let me tell you 'bout my best friend, he's a one boy cuddly toy, my up, my down, my pride and joy. People let me tell you 'bout him he's so much fun whether we're talkin' man to man or whether we're talking son to son. Cause he's my best friend. Yes he's my best friend.
Extraordinary crimes against the people and the state had to be avenged by agents extraordinary. Two such people are John Steed, top professional; and his partner, Emma Peel, talented amateur... otherwise known as The Avengers.
Once upon a time there were three little girls who went to the police academy. Two in Los Angeles. The other in San Francisco. And they were each assigned very hazardous duties. But I took them away from all that. And now they work for me. My name is Charlie.
Here's the story of a lovely lady, who was bringing up three very lovely girls. All of them had hair of gold, like their mother, the youngest one in curls. Here's the store, of a man named Brady, who was busy with three boys of his own. They were four men, living all together, yet they were all alone. 'Til the one day when the lady met this fellow. And they knew it was much more than a hunch, that this group would somehow form a family. That's the way we all became the Brady Bunch, the Brady Bunch. That's the way we all became the Brady Bunch. The Brady Bunch!
Weebles wobble but they don't fall down. Weebles are around, don't fall down! Weeble wobble, Weeble wobble, Weeble wobble, Weeble wobble, Weeble wobble, Weeble wobble. Don't fall down!
Man lives in the sunlit world of what he believes to be reality. But, there is, unseen by most, an underworld, a place that is just as real, but not as brightly lit... a darkside. The darkside is always there, waiting for us to enter, waiting to enter us. So until next time, try to enjoy the daylight.
Marshall, Will, and Holly on a routine expedition, met the greatest earthquake ever known. High on the rapids, it struck their tiny raft! And plunged them down a thousand feet below... to the Land of the Lost! Lost! Lost! Lost! Lost!
It's time to play the music, it's time to light the lights. It's time to meet the Muppets on the Muppet Show tonight! It's time to put on makeup, it's time to dress up right. It's time to raise the curtain on the Muppet Show tonight. Why do we always come here? I guess we'll never know. It's like a kind of torture to have to watch the show! And now let's get things started - why don't you get things started? It's time to get things started on the most sensational inspirational celebrational Muppetational... This is what we call the Muppet Show!
Wally Gator is a swinging alligator in the swamp. He's the greatest percolator when he really starts to romp. There has never been a greater operator in the swamp. See ya later, Wally Gator.