Man lives in the sunlit world of what he believes to be reality. But, there is, unseen by most, an underworld, a place that is just as real, but not as brightly lit... a darkside. The darkside is always there, waiting for us to enter, waiting to enter us. So until next time, try to enjoy the daylight.
You take the good, you take the bad, you take them both and there you have the facts of life, the facts of life. There's a time you got to go and show you're growin' now you know about the facts of life, the facts of life. When the world never seems to be livin up to your dreams and suddenly you're finding out the facts of life are all about you.
Hey you guys! We're gonna turn it on, we're gonna bring you the power! We're gonna light the dark of night like the brightest day in a whole new way! We're gonna turn it on, we're gonna bring you the power! We're gonna tell you the truest words that you heard anybody say! Moving out in a new way, moving out in a new way! We're gonna turn it on, we're gonna bring you the power! It's coming down the lines, strong as they can be, through the courtesy of the Electric Company, the Electric Company!
Well we're movin' on up, to the east side. To a deluxe apartment in the sky. Movin' on up, To the east side. We finally got a piece of the pie. Fish don't fry in the kitchen, beans don't burn on the grill. Took a whole lotta tryin' just to get up that hill. Now we're up in the big leagues, gettin' our turn at bat. As long as we live, it's you and me baby, There ain't nothin' wrong with that. Well we're movin' on up, to the east side. To a deluxe apartment in the sky. Movin' on up, to the east side. We finally got a piece of the pie.
It's time to play the music, it's time to light the lights. It's time to meet the Muppets on the Muppet Show tonight! It's time to put on makeup, it's time to dress up right. It's time to raise the curtain on the Muppet Show tonight. Why do we always come here? I guess we'll never know. It's like a kind of torture to have to watch the show! And now let's get things started - why don't you get things started? It's time to get things started on the most sensational inspirational celebrational Muppetational... This is what we call the Muppet Show!
Roger Ramjet and his Eagles, fighting for our freedom. Fly through and in outer space, not to join him but to beat him! When Ramjet takes a Proton pill, the crooks begin to worry. They cant escape their awful fate from Protons mighty fury! Come and join us all you kids for lots of fun and laughter, as Roger Ramjet and his men get all the crooks they're after! Roger Ramjet he's our man, hero of our nation. For his adventure just be sure and stay tuned to this station!
Our whole universe was in a hot dense state, then nearly fourteen billion years ago expansion started. Wait... The Earth began to cool, the autotrophs began to drool. Neanderthals developed tools, we built a wall (we built the pyramids). Math, science, history, unraveling the mysteries, that all started with the big bang!
This is the theme to Garry's show, The theme to Garry's show. Garry called me up and asked if I would right his theme song. I'm almost halfway finished, how do you like it so far, How do you like the theme to Garry's show? This is the theme to Garry's show, the opening theme to Garry's show. This is the music that you hear as you watch the credits. We're almost to the part of where I start to whistle. Then we'll watch "It's Garry Shandling's Show". This was the theme to Garry Shandling's show.
We never thought of findin' a place where we belong. Don't have to stand alone, we'll never let you fall. Don't need permission to decide what you believe. You gotta learn something when we meet you after school. I said jump, down on Jump Street. I said jump, down on Jump Street. Your friends will be there when your back is to the wall. You'll find you'll need us cause there's no one else to call. When it was hopeless a decision is what you need. You'd better be ready cause' your runnin' outta time. Say jump, 21 Jump, Street.
Hot dogs, Armour hot dogs. What kind of kids eat Armour hot dogs? Fat kids, skinny kids, kids who climb on rocks. Tough kids, sissy kids, even kids with chicken pox love hot dogs, Armour hot dogs... The dogs kids love to bite!