This is the theme to Garry's show, The theme to Garry's show. Garry called me up and asked if I would right his theme song. I'm almost halfway finished, how do you like it so far, How do you like the theme to Garry's show? This is the theme to Garry's show, the opening theme to Garry's show. This is the music that you hear as you watch the credits. We're almost to the part of where I start to whistle. Then we'll watch "It's Garry Shandling's Show". This was the theme to Garry Shandling's show.
Once in every lifetime, comes a love like this. Oh I need you, you need me, oh my darling can't you see. Young Ones. Darling we're the Young Ones. Young Ones. Shouldn't be afraid. To live, love, there's a song to be sung. Cause we may not be the Young Ones very long.
Tell me why, I love you like I do. Tell me who, could stop my heart as much as you. Let's take each other's hand, as we jump into the final frontier. Mad about you baby, yeah, I'm mad about you. Whoo hoo hoo.
There once was a story about a man who could turn invisible. I thought it was only a story... until it happened to me. Ok, so here's how it works: there's this stuff called Quicksilver that can bend light. Some scientist made it into a synthetic gland, and that's where I came in. See, I was facing life in prison and they were looking for a human experiment. So, we made a deal. They put the gland in my brain; I walk free. The operation was a success... but that's where everything started to go wrong.
Marshall, Will, and Holly on a routine expedition, met the greatest earthquake ever known. High on the rapids, it struck their tiny raft! And plunged them down a thousand feet below... to the Land of the Lost! Lost! Lost! Lost! Lost!
In time of ancient gods, warlords and kings, a land in turmoil cried out for a hero. She was Xena, a mighty princess forged in the heat of battle. The power. The passion. The danger. Her courage will change the world.
This is it, this is it. This is life, the one you get, so go and have a ball. This is it, this is it. Straight ahead, and rest assured you can't be sure at all. So while you're here enjoy the view, keep on doing what you do, so hold on tight we'll muddle through one day at a time, one day at a time. So up on your feet, up on your feet - somewhere there's music playing. Don't you worry none, we'll just take it like it comes, one day at a time, one day at a time.
Man lives in the sunlit world of what he believes to be reality. But, there is, unseen by most, an underworld, a place that is just as real, but not as brightly lit... a darkside. The darkside is always there, waiting for us to enter, waiting to enter us. So until next time, try to enjoy the daylight.
Your tread must be light and sure, as though your path were upon rice paper. It is said, a Shaolin priest can walk through walls. Looked for, he can not be seen. Listened for, he can not be heard. Touched, can not be felt. This rice paper is the test. Fragile as the wings of the dragonfly, clinging as the cocoon of the silk worm. When you can walk its length and leave no trace. You will have learned.
Green Acres is the place to be. Farm livin' is the life for me. Land spreadin' out so far and wide. Keep Manhattan, just give me that countryside. New York is where I'd rather stay. I get allergic smelling hay. I just adore a penthouse view. Darling I love you but give me Park Avenue. The chores! The stores! Fresh air! Times Square! You are my wife. Good bye, city life. Green Acres we are there!