Look for the Union Label when you are buying a coat, dress, or blouse. Remember, somewhere our union's sewing, our wages going to feed the kids, and run the house. We work hard, but who's complaining. Thanks to the I.L.G. we're paying our way. So always look for the Union Label. It means we're able to make it in the U.S.A.!
I bet we been together for a million years, And I bet we'll be together for a million more. Oh, It's like I started breathing on the night we kissed, and I can't remember what I ever did before. What would we do baby, without us? What would we do baby, without us? And there ain't no nothing we can't love each other through. What would we do baby, without us? Sha la la la.
Green Acres is the place to be. Farm livin' is the life for me. Land spreadin' out so far and wide. Keep Manhattan, just give me that countryside. New York is where I'd rather stay. I get allergic smelling hay. I just adore a penthouse view. Darling I love you but give me Park Avenue. The chores! The stores! Fresh air! Times Square! You are my wife. Good bye, city life. Green Acres we are there!
Enter at your peril, past the vaulted door. Impossible things will happen that the world's never seen before. In Dexter's laboratory lives the smartest boy you've ever seen, but Dee Dee blows his experiments to Smithereens! There's gloom and doom when things go boom in Dexter's lab!
They arrived in fifty mother ships, offering their friendship and advance technology to Earth. Skeptical of the visitors, Mike Donovan and Juliet Parrish infiltrated their ranks and soon discovered some startling secrets. The resistance is all that stands between us... and the visitors.
Sometimes the world looks perfect, nothing to rearrange. Sometimes you just, get a feeling like you need some kind of change. No matter what the odds are this time, nothing's going to stand in my way. This flame in my heart, and a long lost friend gives every dark street a light at the end. Standing tall, on the wings of my dream. Rise and fall, on the wings of my dream. The rain and thunder, the wind and haze. I'm bound for better days. It's my life and my dream, nothing's going to stop me now.
Yogi Bear is smarter than the average bear, Yogi Bear is always in the ranger's hair. At a picnic table you will find him there, stuffing down more goodies than the average bear. He will sleep till noon but before it's dark, he'll have every picnic basket that's in Jellystone Park. Yogi has it better than a millionaire. That's because he's smarter than the average bear!
Here's the story of a lovely lady, who was bringing up three very lovely girls. All of them had hair of gold, like their mother, the youngest one in curls. Here's the store, of a man named Brady, who was busy with three boys of his own. They were four men, living all together, yet they were all alone. 'Til the one day when the lady met this fellow. And they knew it was much more than a hunch, that this group would somehow form a family. That's the way we all became the Brady Bunch, the Brady Bunch. That's the way we all became the Brady Bunch. The Brady Bunch!
Doc Bruce Banner, pelted by gamma rays, turned into the Hulk - ain't he unglamorous! Wreckin' the town with the power of a bull, Ain't no monster cause who is that lovable? It's ever-lovin' Hulk!...Hulk! Hulk!
They're creepy and they're kooky, mysterious and spooky. They're all together ooky, the Addams Family. Their house is a museum where people come to see 'em. They really are a scream, the Addams Family. Neat. Sweet. Petite. So get a witches shawl on, a broomstick you can crawl on. We're gonna pay a call on the Addams Family.