People let me tell you 'bout my best friend, he's a warm-hearted person who'll love me till the end. People let me tell you 'bout my best friend, he's a one boy cuddly toy, my up, my down, my pride and joy. People let me tell you 'bout him he's so much fun whether we're talkin' man to man or whether we're talking son to son. Cause he's my best friend. Yes he's my best friend.
I am Duncan Macleod, born 400 years ago in the Highlands of Scotland. I am Immortal, and I am not alone. For centuries, we have waited for the time of the Gathering when the stroke of a sword and the fall of a head will release the power of the Quickening. In the end, there can be only one.
Lady Godiva was a freedom rider, she didn't care if the whole world looked. Joan of Arc with the Lord to guide her, she was a sister who really cooked. Isadora was the first bra burner, ain't you glad she showed up. And when the country was falling apart Betsy Ross got it all sewed up. And then there's Maude. That old compromisin', enterprisin', anything but tranquilizing, right-on Maude.
My bologna has a first name, it's O-s-c-a-r. My bologna has a second name, it's M-e-y-e-r. Oh, I love to eat it every day, and if you ask me why, I'll say: 'cuz Oscar Meyer has a way with b-o-l-o-g-n-a. How's that?
Mister Trouble never hangs around when he hears this Mighty sound: "Here I come to save the day!" That means that Mighty Mouse is on his way. Yes sir, when there is a wrong to right Mighty Mouse will join the fight. On the sea or on the land, he gets the situation well in hand!
My name is Victoria Winters. My journey is beginning - a journey that I hope will open the doors of life and link my past with my future. A journey that will bring me to a dark place to the edge of the sea high atop Widow's Hill; and a house called Collinwood. A world never known, with people I've never met. People who, tonight, are still only shadows in my mind but who will soon fill the days and nights of my tomorrow...
Wanted to get myself a new cell phone so I could hear myself as a ringtone. Who knew the store would go and check my credit score? Now all they let me have is this dinosaur! Hello hello hello, can anybody hear me? I know I know I know, I should have gone to Free Credit Report dot com! That's where I should have gone, could have got my knowledge on.
Love, exciting and new. Come aboard, we're expecting you. Love, life's sweetest reward. Let it flow, it floats back to you. The Love Boat soon will be making another run. The Love Boat promises something for everyone. Set a course for adventure, your mind on a new romance. Love won't hurt anymore. It's an open smile on a friendly shore. Yes, love! It's love!
Boy the way Glen Miller played, songs that made the hit parade. Guys like us we had it made, those were the days. And you knew who you were then, girls were girls and men were men. Mister, we could use a man like Herbert Hoover again. Didn't need no welfare state, everybody pulled his weight. Gee our old LaSalle ran great. Those were the days.
Hey Tony! I like the things you do! Hey Tony! If I could I would be you! You're my one and only tiger, with my one and only taste! You know how to take a breakfast and make it mmm great! Frosted Flakes! They're more than good, they're great!