Butterfly in the sky, I can go twice as high. Take a look, it's in a book - Reading Rainbow. I can go anywhere! Friends to know and ways to grow - Reading Rainbow. I can be anything! Take a look, it's in a book - Reading Rainbow. Reading Rainbow, Reading Rainbow, Reading Rainbow, Reading Rainbow!
We've got a gorilla for sale. Magilla Gorilla for sale. Won't you buy him, take him home and try him, gorilla for sale. Don't you want a little gorilla you can call your own, a gorilla who'll be with ya when you're all alone? How much is that gorilla in the window? Take our advice, at any price, a gorilla like Magilla is mighty nice. Gorilla, Magilla Gorilla for sale.
Our whole universe was in a hot dense state, then nearly fourteen billion years ago expansion started. Wait... The Earth began to cool, the autotrophs began to drool. Neanderthals developed tools, we built a wall (we built the pyramids). Math, science, history, unraveling the mysteries, that all started with the big bang!
Green Acres is the place to be. Farm livin' is the life for me. Land spreadin' out so far and wide. Keep Manhattan, just give me that countryside. New York is where I'd rather stay. I get allergic smelling hay. I just adore a penthouse view. Darling I love you but give me Park Avenue. The chores! The stores! Fresh air! Times Square! You are my wife. Good bye, city life. Green Acres we are there!
Man lives in the sunlit world of what he believes to be reality. But, there is, unseen by most, an underworld, a place that is just as real, but not as brightly lit... a darkside. The darkside is always there, waiting for us to enter, waiting to enter us. So until next time, try to enjoy the daylight.
Have you tried Wheaties? They're whole wheat with all of the bran. Won't you try Wheaties? For wheat is the best food of man. They're crispy and crunchy the whole year through, The kiddies never tire of them and neither will you. So just try Wheaties, the best breakfast food in the land!
Now, the world don't move to the beat of just one drum, what might be right for you, may not be right for some. A man is born, he's a man of means. Then along come two, they got nothing but their jeans. But they got, Diff'rent Strokes, it takes Diff'rent Strokes. It takes Diff'rent Strokes to move the world.
Boy the way Glen Miller played, songs that made the hit parade. Guys like us we had it made, those were the days. And you knew who you were then, girls were girls and men were men. Mister, we could use a man like Herbert Hoover again. Didn't need no welfare state, everybody pulled his weight. Gee our old LaSalle ran great. Those were the days.
Being evil has a price. I hear a lot of little secrets. Tell me yours, and I'll keep it. You oughta know my name by now, better think twice. Being evil has a price. I've got a nasty reputation. Not a bit of hesitation, you better think twice. 'Cause being evil has a price.
Lady Godiva was a freedom rider, she didn't care if the whole world looked. Joan of Arc with the Lord to guide her, she was a sister who really cooked. Isadora was the first bra burner, ain't you glad she showed up. And when the country was falling apart Betsy Ross got it all sewed up. And then there's Maude. That old compromisin', enterprisin', anything but tranquilizing, right-on Maude.